README.md, before:

# HackerRank solutions: #30DaysofCode with Python

Solutions in Python for each of the #30DaysofCode challenges from [HackerRank](https://www.hackerrank.com/domains/tutorials/30-days-of-code)

*** Note: this repo will be updated (mostly) daily until the end of #30DaysofCode Challenges

## Challenges

| Day | Challenge |
| --- | --- |
| Day 27 | Testing |
| Day 26 | Nested Logic |
| Day 25 | Running Time and Complexity |
| Day 24 | More Linked Lists |
| Day 23 | BST Level-Order Traversal |
| Day 22 | Binary Search |
| Day 21 | Generics |
| Day 20 | Sorting |
| Day 19 | Interfaces |
| Day 18 | Queues and Stacks |
| Day 17 | Exceptions - Like a boss |
| Day 16 | Exceptions - String to Integer |
| Day 15 | Linked List |
| Day 14 | Scope | 
| Day 13 | Abstract Classes |
| Day 12 | Inheritance |
| Day 11 | 2D Arrays |
| Day 10 | Binary numbers |
| Day 9 | Recursion |
| Day 8 | Dictionaries and Maps |
| Day 7 | Arrays |
| Day 6 | Let's Review |
| Day 5 | Loops |
| Day 4 | Class vs Instance |
| Day 3 | Conditional Statements |
| Day 2 | Operators |
| Day 1 | Data Types |
| Day 0 | Hello World |

Commit message:

Day 28: RegEx, Patterns, and Intro to Databases

README.md, after:

# HackerRank solutions: #30DaysofCode with Python

Solutions in Python for each of the #30DaysofCode challenges from [HackerRank](https://www.hackerrank.com/domains/tutorials/30-days-of-code)

*** Note: this repo will be updated (mostly) daily until the end of #30DaysofCode Challenges

## Challenges

| Day | Challenge |
| --- | --- |
| Day 28 | RegEx, Patterns, and Intro to Databases |
| Day 27 | Testing |
| Day 26 | Nested Logic |
| Day 25 | Running Time and Complexity |
| Day 24 | More Linked Lists |
| Day 23 | BST Level-Order Traversal |
| Day 22 | Binary Search |
| Day 21 | Generics |
| Day 20 | Sorting |
| Day 19 | Interfaces |
| Day 18 | Queues and Stacks |
| Day 17 | Exceptions - Like a boss |
| Day 16 | Exceptions - String to Integer |
| Day 15 | Linked List |
| Day 14 | Scope | 
| Day 13 | Abstract Classes |
| Day 12 | Inheritance |
| Day 11 | 2D Arrays |
| Day 10 | Binary numbers |
| Day 9 | Recursion |
| Day 8 | Dictionaries and Maps |
| Day 7 | Arrays |
| Day 6 | Let's Review |
| Day 5 | Loops |
| Day 4 | Class vs Instance |
| Day 3 | Conditional Statements |
| Day 2 | Operators |
| Day 1 | Data Types |
| Day 0 | Hello World |
